c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\bin\Debug\HubPage.xbf
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\bin\Debug\SectionPage.xbf
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\bin\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\bin\Debug\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows.xr.xml
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\bin\Debug\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows.exe
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\bin\Debug\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows.pdb
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\bin\Debug\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.cs
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\SectionPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\SectionPage.g.cs
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.cs
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\HubPage.xaml
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\SectionPage.xaml
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xaml
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\HubPage.xbf
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\SectionPage.xbf
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows.exe
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows.pdb
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows\obj\Debug\UniversalApp_sportsandme.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
